Add user group permission requirements for Host Path and NFS destinations (#484)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/enterprise/snapshots-configuring-nfs.md

# Configuring a NFS

> Introduced in the Replicated app manager v1.33.0

You can configure a Network File System (NFS) as your snapshots storage destination. For more information about snapshot storage destinations, see [Storage destinations](snapshots-storage-destinations).

## Requirements

The following are requirements for configuring a NFS as the storage destination:

* The NFS server must be configured to allow access from all the nodes in the cluster.

> * The NFS directory must be writable by the user:group 1001:1001 on all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The NFS directory must be writable by the user:group 1001:1001.
```

# Configuring a NFS

> Introduced in the Replicated app manager v1.33.0

You can configure a Network File System (NFS) as your snapshots storage destination. For more information about snapshot storage destinations, see [Storage destinations](snapshots-storage-destinations).

## Requirements

The following are requirements for configuring a NFS as the storage destination:

* The NFS server must be configured to allow access from all the nodes in the cluster.

> * The NFS must be writable by the user:group 1001:1001 on all nodes in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The NFS directory must be writable by the user:group 1001:1001 on all nodes in the cluster.
```

>    Ensure that you configure the user:group 1001:1001 permissions on the NFS server and not from the mounted directory on the client side.

Reviewer: When using NFS, there shouldn't even be a mounted directory. The customer would provide the NFS server IP address and the path to that directory _on_ the server.
```suggestion
   Ensure that you configure the user:group 1001:1001 permissions for the directory on the NFS server.
```

>    You cannot change the permissions of a mounted NFS directory from the client side. To reassign the user:group to 1001:1001 on a NFS directory that is already mounted, you must remount the directory.

Reviewer: Ditto. The user/customer should not be mounting the directory to begin with when using NFS, and since there shouldn't be a mounted directory, this sentence is irrelevant.

Author: deleted!

>    You cannot change the permissions of a mounted NFS directory from the client side. To reassign the user:group to 1001:1001 on a NFS server for a directory that is already mounted, you must remount the directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You cannot change the permissions of a mounted NFS directory from the client side. To reassign the user:group to 1001:1001 on a NFS directory that is already mounted, you must remount the directory.
```
